Feature/ondemand (#381)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/leuven/services/openondemand.rst

available here. General file explorer options like moving, deleting, modifying and creating files or directories are available as well. You can also use this interface
to download and upload files to and from your local machine. Be aware that this is not recommended for very large files.

**Good to know:** the standard 'ctrl+s' does not save your edited files on Open OnDemand, but will trigger a save on your local machine. Luckily, there is a quite 

> obvious save button on the editor page.

Reviewer: The save button is definitely there but it may not be all that obvious to the users. At first I was also a bit confused with this because it appears to be greyed-out to eventhough it is functioning just fine. It does not really help much that the button does not give any kind of feedback when being clicked,.

All jobs submitted from Open OnDemand can run on Genius and wICE. 
This also means that all your jobs should be submitted as **Slurm** jobs.
For more detail on how to run jobs on wICE, check out our 
:ref:`quick start guide<wice_t2_leuven>`.

The jobs tab has two menus, 'Active Jobs' and 'Job Composer':

Active jobs
-----------

This lists all your running, queued and completed jobs. 

> Completed jobs will disappear from here after a couple of minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Completed jobs will disappear from this view after a couple of minutes. 
```

- Numbers of hours: your walltime (min 1h).
- Number of cores: the amount of cores per node. This defaults to 1.
- Required memory per core in megabytes. This defaults to 3400 MB.

> - Number of GPUs. Depending on the partition you have requested, you might get a different GPU. The acquired GPU will be the same as the type specified in the partition (e.g. a NVidia V100 for ``gpu_v100``). For wICE, you can also request a GPU from the ``interactive`` partition. One GPU here is a virtual GPU slice of the available A100 GPUs. One GPU slice is the same as 1/7th of a A100 GPU. The default is 0. You can specify the type of GPU as well: [Type]:<number> (e.g. A100:2). You can also just request a number of GPUs as <number>.**The interactive partition only allows you to request max 1 GPU (slice) though.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number of GPUs. Depending on the partition you have requested, you might get a different GPU. The acquired GPU will be the same as the type specified in the partition (e.g. a NVidia V100 for ``gpu_v100``). For wICE, you can also request a GPU from the ``interactive`` partition. One GPU here is a virtual GPU slice of the available A100 GPUs. One GPU slice is the same as 1/7th of an A100 GPU. The default is 0. You can specify the type of GPU as well: [Type]:<number> (e.g. A100:2). You can also just request a number of GPUs as <number>.**The interactive partition only allows you to request max 1 GPU (slice) though.**
```
